[Music]
prevail in fear gene
we only got a drink that's he said backs
me too I just miss my time - even
Nathaniel Ayers attended your drinks
well you might want some better to work
with
it's a gift what is here honey will you
fly that plane now I'm right here I'm
not always sure what's going on he has
no idea what he see what's in your life
are you your friends it's downstairs
I don't take full responsibility oh by
all means a full psychiatric hospital
well you just keep on then there's one
thing more until you give me a friend
come on you can do it
might be able to help you
[Music]
again
ever-loving anything with
being his friend will carry you home
the closest thing to family
[Music]
you change
you
[Music]